Conversely, some people maintain that.
Others would say.
It is often said that.
Many people think.
Critics suggest.
Those who oppose.
Another viewpoint is.
Some are of the opinion.
There are those who.
Contrary to popular belief.
A counter -argument is.
In opposition to.
It is commonly thought.
It goes without saying.
Needless to say.
In the grand scheme of things.
All things considered.
At the end of the day.
By and large.
For all intents and purposes.
So to speak.
The fact remains.
In light of this.
In other words.
That is to say.
To put it another way.
Simply put.
To clarify.
In simpler terms.
Let me put it this way.
Put differently.
To rephrase.
Stated differently.
As a result.
Consequently.
For this reason.
This led to.
Accordingly.
So.
In view of this.
Under these circumstances.
Because of this.
Hence.
Particularly.
Especially.
In particular.
Chiefly.
Above all.
Primarily.
Most importantly.
Importantly.
Specifically.
Notably.
Significantly.
Alternatively.
On the flip side.
In another vein.
Otherwise.
Instead.
Rather.
On the opposite side.
In place of.
As an alternative.
Conversely.
Admittedly.
Of course.
Naturally.
Granted.
Although true.
In fairness.
While it may be true.
Certainly.
Undoubtedly.
Even though.
Similarly.
In the same way.
Likewise.
Just as.
Equally.
By comparison.
In comparison.
Just like.
Compared to.
Analogous to.
Correspondingly.
Much like.
Equivalently.
In a similar manner.
In like manner.
As with.
Parallel to.
Resembling.
In much the same way.
Along similar lines.
Because.
Since.
As.
For.
Due to the fact that.
In view of.
Seeing that.
Given that.
In as much as.
Considering that.
Knowing that.
In light of the fact that.
On the grounds that.
Being that.
Due to.
On account of.
In respect to.
By reason of.
Taking into consideration.
With regard to.
So as to.
In order to.
For the purpose of.
With the intention of.
With the aim of.
To that end.
In hopes of.
So that.
For the sake of.
With the objective of.
As an example.
To give you an idea.
In particular.
As proof.
As evidenced by.
This includes.
For one.
Let's consider.
Illustrated by.
To put it in perspective.
Such as.
This is exemplified by.
By way of example.
Including but not limited to.
As demonstrated by.
As highlighted by.
Let's take.
In particular cases.
Specifically seen in.
Take for instance.
Leading to.
Resulting in.
Effectively.
Ultimately.
Ending up in.
Culminating in.
Bringing about.
Leading up to.
Triggering.
Giving rise to.
Yielding.
Producing.
Causing.
Making way for.
Affecting.
Putting forth.
Following on from.
Influencing.
Consequentially.
Creating.
To be more precise.
Specifically speaking.